He was my childhood playmate.
Later went abroad
Really just a childhood playmate
No other relationship, of course.
I haven't been in touch with him for over ten years
Then why did you
Take the German International Design Award
Give him the electronic card of the design museum.
How do you know?
You still want to hide from me
You are just tricky
I met the design studio for entertainment
I can't go back and run to the bar and clubhouse
Many of my friends and partners have been there
Really?
Certainly.
If you don't like that Zhou Yaru
I'm calling him now to let him go
Hey no
I'm not that stingy person
Ahh what are you doing
Go back to bed
Hey, it's still here.
Put me down!
I have asked grandma to pick up all the children today.
Tonight is our two-person world
Wow, magnificent construction.
What an ingenious design
Mr. Feng's design museum is not open to the public
Everyone who can visit the entire Sea City is a big shot
Mrs. Tuo's Fu Jin came today
I also have something to talk about with the sister party
Take your time
I'm going to the bathroom
Why are you pretending to be Mrs. Feng?